Add basic contributing and issue/PR template files (#196)
aiven/aiven-client: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Welcome!

> Contributions to Karapaceh are very welcome. Please follow our guidelines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions to aiven-client are very welcome. Please follow our guidelines:
```
